## Information with respect to §5 Telemediengesetz:
This website is operated by

Digital Incubation and Growth GmbH

K&ouml;nigswall 21

44137 Dortmund

Gesch&auml;ftsf&uuml;hrer: Dr. Oliver van Laak, J&ouml;rg Z&auml;ngerling

Sitz der Gesellschaft: Dortmund | Registergericht Dortmund HRB 28469


### Principles in Respect to the Processing of User Data

Any use of a website affiliated with Digital Incubation and Growth GmbH as well as the download of a file is accompanied by the collection of data and logging of the IP-address in a registry file. There are technical and organizational measures in place to ensure the application of data protection law.

These data are going to be collected and registered:

-	Date and time of the visit of the website,
-	Transferal data to and from the web server,
-	List of parameter that are transmitted with the IP-address,
-	Browser address,
-	Transferal of files,
-	And similar.

The collected data are only used for statistical purposes. The data is not transferred, neither commercially nor non-commercially, to any third parties.

Any registration of personal or business relevant data (e-mail-address, name, address) is solely done with consent of the user. These data are handled confidential and are not disclosed to third parties. The collected personal or business related data will not be connected or linked to the registry.

### Information from Other Sources

The website may also obtain information about you from third parties or other sources and may combine the information that we receive from them with information we have already obtained about you.
Our website includes links to other websites, and provides access to products and services offered by third parties, whose privacy policies we do not control. When you access another website or purchase products or services or conduct other transactions through the Service, use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting or the provider of such products or services.
We are currently using tools from disqus.com operated by Disqus, Inc. and wufoo.com operated by SurveyMonkey, Inc. Please refer to the Privacy Policy of these companies.

### Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
In case IP-anonymizing is activated on this website, your IP address will be truncated within the area of Member States of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases the whole IP address will be first transferred to a Google server in the USA and truncated there. The IP- anonymizing is active on this website.
Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing them other services relating to website activity and internet usage.

The IP-address that your Browser conveys within the scope of Google Analytics will not be associated with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You can also opt-out from being tracked by Google Analytics with effect for the future by downloading and installing Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on for your current web browser ([http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de](http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de))
Further information on terms of use and the privacy policy can be found here [http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html](http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html) or at [https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/](https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/)

### Cookies

For products that work with browsers cookies are used to store information of the user for the duration of his visit and till his next visit at a later time. A cookie is a small amount of data that is stored on the hard drive of the computer of the user. The data is explicitly not used for social profiling activities.
